Update CHANGELOG for 1.6.0 (#4827)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## 1.6.0

Released 2023-Sep-05

* Increased the character limit of the Meter instrument name from 63 to 255.
  ([#4774](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/4774))

* Update default size for `SimpleExemplarReservoir` to `1`.
  ([#4803](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/4803))

* Update Metrics SDK to override the default histogram bounds for a set of

>   well-known histogram metrics from AspNetCore and Http runtime and their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  well-known histogram metrics for ASP.NET Core and HttpClient
```

Reviewer: I think it is ok to skip the instrumentation library part (We will add details on instrumentation libraries side on how to enable these bounds).

  corresponding instrumentation libraries. These histogram metrics which have
  their `Unit` as `s` (second) will have their default histogram buckets as `[
  0, 0.005, 0.01, 0.025, 0.05, 0.075, 0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 1, 2.5, 5, 7.5, 10
  ]`.

>   ([#4820](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/4820))

Reviewer: nit: Could update the PR separately to include the list of metric names in description.

Author: Yes. I commented about the same in the original PR: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/4820#discussion_r1316475276
